[Merged by Bors] - example on how to create an animation in code (#4399)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/README.md

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---
`animated_fox` | [`animation/animated_fox.rs`](./animation/animated_fox.rs) | Plays an animation from a skinned glTF.

> `animated_transform` | [`animation/animated_transform.rs`](./animation/animated_transform.rs) | Create an animation in code on transforms, and play it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`animated_transform` | [`animation/animated_transform.rs`](./animation/animated_transform.rs) | Create and play an animation defined by code that operates on the `Transform` component.
```
